Remove ATTRIB URL and note the deprecation of ATTRIB usage (#44)
hyperledger/indy-did-method: spec/10_did_operations.md

2. The Indy network instance `namespace`, the [[ref: NYM]] `dest` and the [[ref: NYM]] `verkey` items are merged into a text template to produce a base DIDDoc.
    1. See the template in the [Base DIDDoc Template](#base-diddoc-template) section of this document.
    2. If there is no `diddocContent` item in the [[ref: NYM]], assembly is complete; return the DIDDoc and a success status.

>        1. For backwards compatibility to the `did:sov` DID Method, if there is no `diddocContent` iten, a client DID resolver **MAY** attempt to read the `endpoint` ATTRIB object related to the DID and add it to the DIDDoc. See the [Endpoint ATTRIB section (below)](#the-%22endpoint%22-attrib) for more details.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
       1. For backwards compatibility to the `did:sov` DID Method, if there is no `diddocContent` item, a client DID resolver **MAY** attempt to read the `endpoint` ATTRIB object related to the DID and add it to the DIDDoc. See the [Endpoint ATTRIB section (below)](#the-%22endpoint%22-attrib) for more details.
```

Prior to the definition of this DID Method, a convention on Indy ledgers to associate an endpoint to a [[ref: NYM]] involved adding an [[ref: ATTRIB]] ledger object with a `raw` value of contain the JSON for a name-value pair of `endpoint` and a URL endpoint, often an IP address.

> We strongly encourage anyone using the "ATTRIB endpoint" convention to update their [[ref: NYM]] on the ledger to use the `diddocContent` item as soon as possible, as the [[ref: ATTRIB]] is deprecated as of the availability of the `did:indy` DID Method.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to improve readability; uses the same wording as is used in the attrib section
```suggestion
We strongly encourage anyone using the "ATTRIB endpoint" convention to update their [[ref: NYM]] on the ledger to use the `diddocContent` item as soon as possible, as the [[ref: ATTRIB]] is deprecated with the introduction of the `did:indy` DID Method.
```
